docs: pod overrides and other improvements (#513)
stackabletech/airflow-operator: docs/modules/airflow/pages/usage-guide/security.adoc

= Security
:description: Secure Apache Airflow by configuring user authentication and authorization, either with built-in methods or LDAP.
:airflow-access-control-docs: https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/security/access-control.html

Secure Apache Airflow by configuring user authentication and authorization.

> Airflow provides built-in user and role management, but can also connected to an LDAP server to manage users centrally instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Airflow provides built-in user and role management, but can also connect to a LDAP server to manage users centrally instead.
```

== Authentication

Users need to authenticate themselves before using Airflow, and there are two ways to configure users:
The built-in user management or LDAP.

=== Built-in user management

By default, users are manually set up in the Webserver UI.
Use the blue "+" button to create users.

image::airflow_security.png[Airflow Security menu]

=== LDAP

> Airflow supports xref:concepts:authentication.adoc[user authentication] via an LDAP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Airflow supports xref:concepts:authentication.adoc[user authentication] via LDAP.
```
